let's get a new tape going all right
Richard here's what we're gonna do we
need a voice exemplar I want you to say
into this phone there's a bomb in
Centennial Park you have 30 minutes
Richard your national hero now thank you
sir but I was just doing my job
you've always look at the guy who found
the bomb just like you always look at
the cab down the by jewel fits the
profile of the lone bomber a frustrated
white man who is a police wannabe who
seeks to become a hero we're running it
you're a suspect you don't talk I talk
safe Auto tone this might be the only
way to clear your name I want you to say
there's a bomb in Centennial Park you
have 30 minutes stop trying to be the
best friend I was raised to respect
authority Authority looking to eat you
alive there's a bomb in Centennial Park
if 30 minutes I'm sorry what
these accusers are two of the most
powerful forces in the world the United
States government and the media I do
want to help you out law enforcement to
me
there is a bomb in Centennial Park you
have 30 minutes he do it Richard Jewell
is an innocent man he's a hero there is
a bomb in Centennial Park you have 30
minutes one more times a little louder I
report the facts you've ruined this
man's life
there is a bomb in Centennial Park you
have 30 minutes to a couple rocks my son
saved people's lives
[Music]
there is a bomb in Santini
genial for 30 minutes I don't get how to
protect you
your client is guilty as hell they want
to fry
you ready to start fighting back
[Music]